# 字符串-String
由字符集组成的Unicode字符串值。

>A Unicode string value that is a collection of characters.

- 说明-Declaration

```swift
    @frozen struct String
```

- 概述-Overview

字符串由一系列像`"Swift"`这样的字符组成的几何。Swift中字符串的设计很高效，它支持Unicode编码，因此不受地域文字差异的限制。`String`类型桥接了Objective-C 语言中的`NSString`，并且能够用字符串与C语言函数的相互操作。  

你可以使用“字符串字面量”(string literals)或“字符串插值”(string interpolation)来创建新的字符串。一个 _字符串字面量_ 是一些用引号括起来的字符。

> A string is a series of characters, such as`"Swift"`, that forms a collection. Strings in Swift are Unicode correct and locale insensitive, and are designed to be efficient. The`String`type bridges with the Objective-C class`NSString`and offers interoperability with C functions that works with strings.
    You can create new strings using string literals or string interpolations. A _string literal_ is a series of characters enclosed in quotes.

```swift
let greeting = "Welcome!"
```
_字符串插值_ 是字符串字元，它可以评估任何包含的表达式并将结果转换为字符串形式。字符串插值为你提供了一个简单的方法来从多个片段中建立一个字符串。在字符串插值中，用括号将每个表达式包裹起来，并在括号前加反斜杠。

> _String interpolations_ are string literals that evaluate any included expressions and convert the results to string form. String interpolations give you an easy way to build a string from multiple pieces. Wrap each expression in a string interpolation in parentheses, prefixed by a backslash.

```swift
let name = "Rosa"
let personalizedGreeting = "Welcome, \\(name)!"
// personalizedGreeting == "Welcome, Rosa!"  

let price = 2
let number = 3
let cookiePrice = "\\(number) cookies: $\\(price * number)."
// cookiePrice == "3 cookies: $6."
```

```swift
let longerGreeting = greeting + " We're glad you're here!"
// longerGreeting == "Welcome! We're glad you're here!"
```

Multiline string literals are enclosed in three double quotation marks ("""), with each delimiter on its own line. Indentation is stripped from each line of a multiline string literal to match the indentation of the closing delimiter.
```swift
let banner = """
          __,
         (           o  /) _/_
          `.  , , , ,  //  /
        (___)(_(_/_(_ //_ (__
                     /)
                    (/
        """
```
## Modifying and Comparing Strings

Strings always have value semantics. Modifying a copy of a string leaves the original unaffected.

```swift
var otherGreeting = greeting
otherGreeting += " Have a nice time!"
// otherGreeting == "Welcome! Have a nice time!"

print(greeting)
// Prints "Welcome!"
```
Comparing strings for equality using the equal-to operator (==) or a relational operator (like < or >=) is always performed using Unicode canonical representation. As a result, different representations of a string compare as being equal.
```swift
let cafe1 = "Cafe\u{301}"
let cafe2 = "Café"
print(cafe1 == cafe2)
// Prints "true"
```
The Unicode scalar value "\u{301}" modifies the preceding character to include an accent, so "e\u{301}" has the same canonical representation as the single Unicode scalar value "é".
Basic string operations are not sensitive to locale settings, ensuring that string comparisons and other operations always have a single, stable result, allowing strings to be used as keys in Dictionary instances and for other purposes.
## Accessing String Elements
A string is a collection of extended grapheme clusters, which approximate human-readable characters. Many individual characters, such as “é”, “김”, and “🇮🇳”, can be made up of multiple Unicode scalar values. These scalar values are combined by Unicode’s boundary algorithms into extended grapheme clusters, represented by the Swift Character type. Each element of a string is represented by a Character instance.
For example, to retrieve the first word of a longer string, you can search for a space and then create a substring from a prefix of the string up to that point:
```swift
let name = "Marie Curie"
let firstSpace = name.firstIndex(of: " ") ?? name.endIndex
let firstName = name[..<firstSpace]
// firstName == "Marie"
```
The firstName constant is an instance of the Substring type—a type that represents substrings of a string while sharing the original string’s storage. Substrings present the same interface as strings.
```swift
print("\(name)'s first name has \(firstName.count) letters.")
// Prints "Marie Curie's first name has 5 letters."
```
## Accessing a String’s Unicode Representation
If you need to access the contents of a string as encoded in different Unicode encodings, use one of the string’s unicodeScalars, utf16, or utf8 properties. Each property provides access to a view of the string as a series of code units, each encoded in a different Unicode encoding.
To demonstrate the different views available for every string, the following examples use this String instance:
```swift
let cafe = "Cafe\u{301} du 🌍"
print(cafe)
// Prints "Café du 🌍"
```
The cafe string is a collection of the nine characters that are visible when the string is displayed.
```swift
print(cafe.count)
// Prints "9"
print(Array(cafe))
// Prints "["C", "a", "f", "é", " ", "d", "u", " ", "🌍"]"
```
## Unicode Scalar View
A string’s unicodeScalars property is a collection of Unicode scalar values, the 21-bit codes that are the basic unit of Unicode. Each scalar value is represented by a Unicode.Scalar instance and is equivalent to a UTF-32 code unit.
```swift
print(cafe.unicodeScalars.count)
// Prints "10"
print(Array(cafe.unicodeScalars))
// Prints "["C", "a", "f", "e", "\u{0301}", " ", "d", "u", " ", "\u{0001F30D}"]"
print(cafe.unicodeScalars.map { $0.value })
// Prints "[67, 97, 102, 101, 769, 32, 100, 117, 32, 127757]"
```
The unicodeScalars view’s elements comprise each Unicode scalar value in the cafe string. In particular, because cafe was declared using the decomposed form of the "é" character, unicodeScalars contains the scalar values for both the letter "e" (101) and the accent character "´" (769).
## UTF-16 View
A string’s utf16 property is a collection of UTF-16 code units, the 16-bit encoding form of the string’s Unicode scalar values. Each code unit is stored as a UInt16 instance.
```swift
print(cafe.utf16.count)
// Prints "11"
print(Array(cafe.utf16))
// Prints "[67, 97, 102, 101, 769, 32, 100, 117, 32, 55356, 57101]"
```
The elements of the utf16 view are the code units for the string when encoded in UTF-16. These elements match those accessed through indexed NSString APIs.
```swift
let nscafe = cafe as NSString
print(nscafe.length)
// Prints "11"
print(nscafe.character(at: 3))
// Prints "101"
```
## UTF-8 View
A string’s utf8 property is a collection of UTF-8 code units, the 8-bit encoding form of the string’s Unicode scalar values. Each code unit is stored as a UInt8 instance.
```swift
print(cafe.utf8.count)
// Prints "14"
print(Array(cafe.utf8))
// Prints "[67, 97, 102, 101, 204, 129, 32, 100, 117, 32, 240, 159, 140, 141]"
```
The elements of the utf8 view are the code units for the string when encoded in UTF-8. This representation matches the one used when String instances are passed to C APIs.
```swift
let cLength = strlen(cafe)
print(cLength)
// Prints "14"
```
Measuring the Length of a String
When you need to know the length of a string, you must first consider what you’ll use the length for. Are you measuring the number of characters that will be displayed on the screen, or are you measuring the amount of storage needed for the string in a particular encoding? A single string can have greatly differing lengths when measured by its different views.
For example, an ASCII character like the capital letter A is represented by a single element in each of its four views. The Unicode scalar value of A is 65, which is small enough to fit in a single code unit in both UTF-16 and UTF-8.
```swift
let capitalA = "A"
print(capitalA.count)
// Prints "1"
print(capitalA.unicodeScalars.count)
// Prints "1"
print(capitalA.utf16.count)
// Prints "1"
print(capitalA.utf8.count)
// Prints "1"
```
On the other hand, an emoji flag character is constructed from a pair of Unicode scalar values, like "\u{1F1F5}" and "\u{1F1F7}". Each of these scalar values, in turn, is too large to fit into a single UTF-16 or UTF-8 code unit. As a result, each view of the string "🇵🇷" reports a different length.
```swift
let flag = "🇵🇷"
print(flag.count)
// Prints "1"
print(flag.unicodeScalars.count)
// Prints "2"
print(flag.utf16.count)
// Prints "4"
print(flag.utf8.count)
// Prints "8"
```
To check whether a string is empty, use its isEmpty property instead of comparing the length of one of the views to 0. Unlike with isEmpty, calculating a view’s count property requires iterating through the elements of the string.
## Accessing String View Elements
To find individual elements of a string, use the appropriate view for your task. For example, to retrieve the first word of a longer string, you can search the string for a space and then create a new string from a prefix of the string up to that point.
```swift
let name = "Marie Curie"
let firstSpace = name.firstIndex(of: " ") ?? name.endIndex
let firstName = name[..<firstSpace]
print(firstName)
// Prints "Marie"
```
Strings and their views share indices, so you can access the UTF-8 view of the name string using the same firstSpace index.
```swift
print(Array(name.utf8[..<firstSpace]))
// Prints "[77, 97, 114, 105, 101]"
```
Note that an index into one view may not have an exact corresponding position in another view. For example, the flag string declared above comprises a single character, but is composed of eight code units when encoded as UTF-8. The following code creates constants for the first and second positions in the flag.utf8 view. Accessing the utf8 view with these indices yields the first and second code UTF-8 units.
```swift
let firstCodeUnit = flag.startIndex
let secondCodeUnit = flag.utf8.index(after: firstCodeUnit)
// flag.utf8[firstCodeUnit] == 240
// flag.utf8[secondCodeUnit] == 159
```
When used to access the elements of the flag string itself, however, the secondCodeUnit index does not correspond to the position of a specific character. Instead of only accessing the specific UTF-8 code unit, that index is treated as the position of the character at the index’s encoded offset. In the case of secondCodeUnit, that character is still the flag itself.
```swift
// flag[firstCodeUnit] == "🇵🇷"
// flag[secondCodeUnit] == "🇵🇷"
```
If you need to validate that an index from one string’s view corresponds with an exact position in another view, use the index’s samePosition(in:) method or the `init(_:within:)` initializer.
```swift
if let exactIndex = secondCodeUnit.samePosition(in: flag) {
    print(flag[exactIndex])
} else {
    print("No exact match for this position.")
}
// Prints "No exact match for this position."
```
## Performance Optimizations
Although strings in Swift have value semantics, strings use a copy-on-write strategy to store their data in a buffer. This buffer can then be shared by different copies of a string. A string’s data is only copied lazily, upon mutation, when more than one string instance is using the same buffer. Therefore, the first in any sequence of mutating operations may cost O(n) time and space.
When a string’s contiguous storage fills up, a new buffer must be allocated and data must be moved to the new storage. String buffers use an exponential growth strategy that makes appending to a string a constant time operation when averaged over many append operations.
## Bridging Between String and NSString
Any String instance can be bridged to NSString using the type-cast operator (as), and any String instance that originates in Objective-C may use an NSString instance as its storage. Because any arbitrary subclass of NSString can become a String instance, there are no guarantees about representation or efficiency when a String instance is backed by NSString storage. Because NSString is immutable, it is just as though the storage was shared by a copy. The first in any sequence of mutating operations causes elements to be copied into unique, contiguous storage which may cost O(n) time and space, where n is the length of the string’s encoded representation (or more, if the underlying NSString has unusual performance characteristics).
For more information about the Unicode terms used in this discussion, see the Unicode.org glossary. In particular, this discussion mentions extended grapheme clusters, Unicode scalar values, and canonical equivalence.